                                                        Introduction
   Priciples are concepts that can be applied over and over again in similar circumstances as distinct from narrow answers to specific questions. Every game has principles that successful players master to achive winning rusults. So does life.Principles are ways of successfully dealing with the laws of nature or the laws of life. Those who understand more of them and understand them well know how to interact with the world more effectively than those who know fewer of them or know them less well.Different aspects of life-e.g.,there are "parenting principles" or skiing, "parenting principles" for parenting, "managment principles" for managing, "investment principles" for investing, etc - and there are over-arching "life principles" that influence our approaches to all things. And, of course, different people subscribe to different principles that they believe work best.
   I am confident that whatever success Bridgewater and I have had has resulted from our operating by certain principles. Creating a great culture, finding the right people, managing them to do great things and solving problems creatively and systematically are challengs faced by all organizations. What differentiates them is how they approach these challenges. The pinciples laid out in the pages that follow convey our unique results. Bridgewater's success has rusulted from talented people operating by the principles set out here, and it will continue to operate by them. Like getting fit, virtually anyone can do it if they are willing to do what it takes.
    What is written here is just my understanding of what it takes: my most fundamental life principles, my approch to getting what I want, and my "managment principles", which are based on those foundations. Take together, these principles are meant to paint a picture of a process for the systematic pursuit of truth and excellence and for the rewards that accompany this pursuit. I put them in writing for people to consider in order to help Bridgewater and the people I care about most.
    Until recently, I didn't write out these principles because I felt that it was presumptuous for me to tell others what would work best for them. But over time, I saw the people who I cared about most struggling with problems and wanted to help them; I also found that their problems were almost always the result of violating one or more of these principles, and that their problems could be solved by applying these principles. So I began writing down the types of problems and the broken principles that caused them. When I began, I didn't know how many principles I would end up with but, throuth this process, I discovered that about 200 principles pretty much cover all the problems. I'm sure that I wll come up with more as I learn more.
    Since I learned these principles by encountering reality and relecting on my encounters, and I am still doing these things, I expect there are more principles to come. So I am still creating this document by throwing various thoughts down when they occur to me, trying to put them in some sensible order and trying to smooth over the bumps. Organizing these principles into a sensible order is a challenge since they relate to each other more like a matrix than as a sequence. To hele guide you, I've tried to organize them around large themes like building a great culture, managing people well, and creative problem=solving. I will continue these things, so this is an evolving document.
    When I say that these are mm principles, I don't mean that in a possessive or egotictical way. I just mean that they are explanations of what I personally believe. I believe that the people I work with and care about must think for themselves. I set these principles out and explained the logic behind them them so that we can get together explore their merits and stress test them. While I am confident that these principles work well because I have thought hard about them, they have worked well for me for many years, and they have stood up to the scrutiny of the hundreds of smart, skeptical people, I also believe that nothing is certain. I believe that the best we can hope for is highly probable. By putting them out there and stress testing them, the probalities of their being right will increase.
    I also believe that those principles that are most valuable to each of us come from our own encounters with reality and our reflections on these encounters - not from being taught and simply accepting someone else's principles. So , I put these out there for you to relect on when you are encountering your realities, and not for you to blindly flow. Hhat I hope for most is that you and others will carefully consider them and try operating by them as prat of your process for discovering what works best for you. Through this exploration, and with their increased usage, not only will they be understood, but they will evolve from "Ray's principles" to "our principles," and Ray will fade out of the picture in much the same way as memories of one's ski or tennis instructor fade and people only pay attention to what works. So, when digesting each principles, please....
Just what I believe,others will certainly have their own pinciples, and  possibly even their own principles documents, and future managers of Bridgewater will work in their own ways to determine what principles Bridgewater will operate by. At most, this will remain as one reference of principles for people to consider when they are deciding what's important and how to behave.
....aks yourself:"Is it true?"
Before I discuss the management principles themselves, it's important for me to articulate my own most fundamental life principles because my management principles are extension of them.
In part 1, I explain what I mean by principles, why I believe they are important, and how they are essential for getting what you want out of life.
Part 2 explains my most fundamental life principles. I describle what I believe are the best ways of interacting with reality to learn what it's like, and how to most effectively deal with it to get what you want. I also discuss what I believe are the most common traps that people fall into that prevent them from getting what they want, and how people's lives can be radically better by avoiding them. I wrote this so you can better understand why my other pinciples are what they are, though you don't need to read this part to understand the others.
