        33 Business is Creative by Derek Sivers
 Do not turn off your creativity when doing business.
 Business is an creative as music.
 I see so many musicians who are wildly creative when writing ,playing, performing, and recording. But as soon as it's time to make some money, they clam up, get stiff, and lose all of their confidence.
 They pick up a book that tells them exactly how to make a website, exactly how to write an email, exactly what to say when making a call. They do everything exactly as told.
 To understand how silly this is, imagine a business- preson who has worked in an office for 20 years that starts doing music at the age of 50. They're scared and new so they try to do everything right. They play the "right" chords, the "safe" lyrics, and everything is boring and stiff. They are making music only like the book told them to do. They take mo chances.
 That's how musicians look when getting into business. They turn off their creativity and try to do everything "safe". But that's the worst thing you can do.
 Loosen up. Get confident, creative, playful, experimental. Break the rules. Do exactly what you're not supposed to.
 Think of how comfortable you are on your instrument. Riffing.Improvising. Playing. Having fun with it.
 Now be that comfortable in your apporch to business, promotion, marketing. Riff. Improvise. Play. Have fun with it.
 Do with your business what you would tell a new, scared musician to do with their instrument.
 
       34 Gettysburg Address by Abraham Lincoln
 Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation,conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
 Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle- field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
 But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate - we can not consecrate- we can not hallow - this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinshed work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us - that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they these dead whall not have died in vain- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom - and that government for the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
 
      35 Sapiens: A Brief Histoty of Humankind by Yuval Noah Harari
  About 14.5 billion years ago, matter, energy, time and space came into being in what is known as the Big Bang. The story of these fundamental features of our unierse is called physics.
  About 300,000 years after their appearance, matter and energy began to coalesce into complex strutures, called atoms, whitch then combined into molecules. The story of atoms, molecules and their interactions is called chemistry.
  About 3.8 billion years ago, on a planet called Earth, certain molecules combined to form particularly large and intricate structures called organisms. The story of a organisms is called biology.
  About 70,000 yearw ago, organisms belonging to the species Homo sapiens started to form more elaborate structures called cultures. The subsequent development of these human cultures is called history.
  Three important revolutions shaped the course of history: the Cognitive Revolution kick- started history about 70,000 years ago. The Agricultural Revolution sped it up about 12,000 years ago. The Scientific Revolution, which got under way only 500 years ago, may well end historyand start something completely different. This book tells the story of how these three revolutions have affected humans and their fellow organisms.
        36 For a Dancer
  Because Jackson Browne and his music seem to ocuupy a spectial place among Rolling Stone readers, a brief introductory note should suffice. Why Browne is special is probablya personal thing, but I've always suspected that those of us who admire his admittedly autobiographical art usually find in it more about our own lives - not Jackson's - than we'd care to convey. In the Sixties, Bob Dylan had an uncanny ability to define a decade and its denizens. Thoughout the Seventies and into the Eighties- for me, at least - Jackson's Browne has taken over this job and done it better than anyone else.
  With the realease of Hold Out, his sixty album in eight years, Browne has just begun the most extensive tour of his career. Right before he hit the road, Jackson managed a few free hours to tape this interview. We talked twice- each time at the ungodly hour of nine in the morning - before he had to rush off to rehearsals, photo sessions and so forth. Since we'd done stories together in the past (for The Pretender and Running on Empty), I knem he'd do his damnedest to avoid explaining what his new songs meant, and he knew I'd attempt to drag it out of him. The give- and- take was pretty funny at times.
  When I arrived fifteen mintues early for our last taping and knocked no the door of Browne's modest Hollywood home, the house was slient. I leaned on the doorbell for what seemed like forever. Finally, Ethan, Jackson's six- year - old son, opened the gate and let me in. " Who are you" he asked. I told him who I was and that I had an important appointment with his father. "He's still asleep," Ethan said. "But you can come in and help me find the can opener. I've got to feed the cat." We fed the cat. Ethan asked: "Do you want to see me stand on my head?" Sure, why not, I thought, praying that Jackson would wake up. I could feel my interview going down the drain.
